=== Home - SIST ===
Admission requirements.
Discover our Computer Science Programmes
Welcome to SIST British Education
Associate College of Cardiff Metropolitan University
For over 25 Years, SIST has delivered British Education in Morocco, awarding Undergraduate and Postgraduate degrees.
Access top-quality higher education in Morocco
Scholarships for the final year in the UK
95% of our graduates are hired or in further study within 6 months of Graduation
100% of our programmes are taught in English with a Foundation Year for non-English speakers
In Support of SIST British Education
“..Acknowledge the significant and meritorious contribution SIST has made over the past 18 years..”
“The 250 new Cardiff Met graduates (2019) acknowledge the significant and meritorious contribution SIST has made over the past 18 years to Morocco’s socio-economic development, and in particular the important role that SIST’s partnership, 10 years old now with Cardiff Metropolitan University. has been nurturing Morocco’s talented next generation over the last decade.”
Mr Tony Reilly – Director
British Council Morocco.
“Our degrees from Cardiff Metropolitan that each of you will now hold are quite rightly renown throughout the world.”
“The Degrees that you are getting, our degrees from Cardiff Metropolitan, that each of you will now hold, are quite rightly renown throughout the world, and we at the university are very careful to ensure that our partners are able to deliver a very high standard of University education and this is certainly the case with SIST.”
Prof. David Brooksbank - Dean of Cardiff School of Management.
Cardiff Metropolitan University, UK
“Education is a journey.. it is the future of your country; it is the future of the economic development of your country.”
“Education is a journey; it takes you from nothing to something, it is the most important gift we can give ourselves and our children, it is the future of your country, it is the future of the economic development of your country. It is, for you, the way in which you develop yourselves and become the people you can be. It is a way of developing yourselves and achieving your potential. Education is everything.“
HE Thomas Reilly - British Ambassador
UK Embassy in Morocco
We offer High-Quality
The UK education system is well known for being among the best in the world.
Our programs (Bachelors and MBA) are moderated by Cardiff Metropolitan University to earn a Public British Degree.
Foundation Year is a pre-university level programme for students holding a baccalaureate. A full-time programme designed to enhance the student’s academic English level and improve study skills that are essential for undergraduate study.
Cardiff Metropolitan University guarantees that the education provided by their partners, including SIST, is the same as the one provided on their campus. SIST students are eligible for a full scholarship covering the 3rd year in the UK. More than 60 students have already benefited from this scholarship.
Bac +5 (MA & MBA & MSc)
The MBA is an internationally recognised and respected qualification for managers. Your Leadership talent and your managerial skills are guaranteed to be improved.
View all the programmes
What Our Students Say
BA (Hons) Business Management Pathway Marketing
"When applying for the Bachelor program at SIST, I knew I would have a unique and unforgettable experience. However, everything was above my expectations! Throughout this experience, I gained a varied insight into different aspects of business, particularly in Marketing. I feel so fortunate to have had the opportunity to learn alongside such professionals in the industry."
BA (Hons) Business Management Pathway Finance
"As I enter my third and final year at SIST, I can't help but look back happily at the time I have spent here. I am originally from the UK and relocated to Morocco in order to study at SIST. I was looking for adventure whilst striving to achieve a British degree in business with finance, and SIST has been able to deliver. The teachers are fantastic and provide a high quality learning environment and teach the British curriculum extremely well. Studying with my fellow classmates has also been a wonderful experience. The university also proivdes fun extra curricular activites to ensure that all students enjoy their years studying here. SIST has helped me grow individually in more ways than one, and I would highly reccomend them to anybody I speak to who is looking to study the British curriculum and study abroad in a culture rich country!"
BA (Hons) Business Management Pathway Marketing.
"The staff is very friendly and helpful! SIST has provided me with a multicultural environment where I have studied with students from different backgrounds and nationalities. I had the chance to benefit from the partnership of SIST with Cardiff Metropolitan University, the university of the year in Wales. It is a wonderful opportunity for students who want to complete their third year in the UK! I am delighted to be a member of the SIST family and to have been transferred to get my bachelor degree at Cardiff Metropolitan University!"
​"​When ​I first signed up for Cardiff Metropolitan University MBA program in SIST Casablanca, ​I was​ expecting to learn about project management at a hi​gh level. However, my expectations were exceeded because I was very impressed with the high academic standards, outstanding professors, and administrative staff.​"
​"Applying for the ERASMUS+ scholarship program to continue my third year at Cardiff Met University in the UK and being accepted was one of the most rewarding experiences I have ever been through. I received full help and support throughout my application, and I am incredibly grateful and thankful for the opportunity. I am sure that I will be in good hands especially because I had the chance to build a strong relationship with Cardiff Met University staff throughout their multiple visits to our SIST campus.​"
​"My ambition was to embrace new challenges and seek change in every single opportunity ​I seize. I have chosen a British Education system in the heart of Morocco to let my creativity flows and expand the scope of my knowledge to reach an international dimension.​"
SIST Students participated in the UN Student Ambassadors Programme In New York.
JLM SIST Casablanca lead a mission to spread love and joy by renovating a suburban school.
Coventry University signs an MoU with SIST For the Openning of New Programmes.
Student Union from different partner campuses joined the annual SU Meeting in Cardiff.
In Delivering Top British Education in Morocco
=== Admission - SIST ===
ENROLMENT PROCEDURES AT SIST
To apply to study on a
programme as an overseas student
at Cardiff Metropolitan University in Morocco, you can complete an online application via our application portal.
All courses have October and January entry. Please check on the individual programme page for specific entry dates.
Application deadlines and start dates:
October 2026 Intake Undergraduate
Staring date/ Induction week
October 2026 Intake Postgraduate
Moroccan Baccalaureate degree, high school diploma, A2 levels or equivalent.
Bachelors ( BA, BSc, BEng)
All applicants to have passed the Oxford Placement test with a score at IELTS 6.0 level, or other IELTS equivalent.
Masters ( MSc, MBA, MEng)
A bachelor’s degree from a recognized University with a GPA 2.7/4.0 or GPA 3.5/5.0 or any other equivalent of a UK 2:2 classification
All applicants to have passed the Oxford Placement test with a score at IELTS 6.5 level, or other IELTS equivalent.
If you have any questions about the admissions process or requirements for our university, please don’t hesitate to contact us by filling the contact form. Our admissions team is here to help and we would be happy to answer any questions you may have.
=== Masters-MBA - SIST ===
Master of Business Administration
( Evenings & Weekends)
The MBA is a prestigious and globally recognised degree that holds significant value among managers. The curriculum of the MBA program is designed to cater to individuals seeking career advancement and ambitious individuals who desire a comprehensive understanding of various business functions. It offers a broad range of knowledge, making it suitable for prospective leaders and those aiming for generalist expertise.
Besides enhancing the career prospects of successful students, the course also fosters independent and innovative thinking. It adheres to the guidelines set by the UK Quality Assurance Agency, emphasising a practical and professional approach that sets it apart from other master’s programme.
The programme offers the following specialist pathways:
MBA (Marketing Management)
MBA (Project Management)
MBA (Supply Chain and Logistics Management)
MBA (Business Analytics)
The primary modules are specifically crafted to introduce participants to the latest concepts and ideas in essential management fields. They offer continuous opportunities to apply theoretical knowledge to real-world management scenarios.
Accounting for Decision-Makers
Operations Management
People and Organisations
Capstone Project/ Dissertation
Optional Modules ( two of the following):
Project Management Theory and Practice ( Project Management )
Management of Mega and Complex Projects ( Project Management)
Logistics in a Global Context ( Supply Chain & Logistics)
Supply Chain and Logistics Management ( Supply Chain & Logistics)
Consumer Behaviour: Knowing Your Consumer ( Marketing)
Strategic Global Marketing ( Marketing )
Management of Finance
Finance of International Business ( Finance )
Business Process and Data Analytics ( Business Analytics)
Social Media Analytics for Business ( Business Analytics)
Learning will be facilitated through a variety of methods, which may include lectures,
seminars, lab, workshops, online activities and group work. Students are expected to
engage in both class and online activities and discussions. This programme also requires
students to participate in additional guided reading and self-directed study to reinforce the learning gained from timetabled sessions. Formative assessment will be used to prepare students for summative assessment and give students an early indication of their progress towards the course intended learning outcomes.
Now enrolling for the October 2025 semester
Apply before 19 September.
This course will be assessed using a variety of methods which will vary depending
upon the module.:
Assessment methods include:
Individual Assignments
A bachelor’s degree, BAC+3, Licence from a recognised University with a
GPA 2.7/4.0 or GPA 3.5/5.0 or any other equivalent of a UK 2:2
classification
Online Placement test   B2 level, IELTS score 6.0,   or   equivalent or a
successful completion of a recognised foundation year.
About Cardiff Metropolitan University
Cardiff Metropolitan University is a British Public University located in the city of
Cardiff.
The university offers degree courses in a variety of disciplines. Study is available
at undergraduate and postgraduate levels, full-time and part-time, and research opportunities are offered. In the 2021/22 academic year, the university has 11,500 students from over 140 countries studying on two campuses in Cardiff, and more than 10,000 at 17 partner institutions in 15 countries around the
world.
In November 2021, Cardiff Met was awarded the title of UK and Ireland University of the Year 2021 by the Times Higher Education.
Fill the online pre-registration application form. Our admission office will be in contact with you shortly to explain the process step by step and support you throughout your application. Once complete, your application will be transferred to Cardiff   Metropolitan University admission   department to be reviewed. An
acceptance letter will be issued for successful candidates.
Our Graduates Work At
Now enrolling for the October 2025
semester
=== Foundation Year - SIST ===
Foundation Year Certificate
The University Foundation Year is a one-year program designed to provide students with a comprehensive educational experience. The program focuses on enhancing students’ English language proficiency to a significant degree, equipping them with the necessary skills to effectively communicate in academic and professional settings. Furthermore, it aims to cultivate students’ professional and study skills, enabling them to excel in their future endeavours.
The foundation year curriculum introduces students to key principles, theories, and practices in the fields of business management and computer science. By familiarizing students with these fundamental concepts, the program lays a solid groundwork for their future academic pursuits. Graduates of the program emerge with enhanced adaptability, well-prepared for their higher education journey, professional careers, and personal growth.
Developing English language Skills
Advanced English Language Skills
Study & Communication Skills
Business Communication
Introduction to Business
Introduction to Computer Science
Moroccan Baccalaureate degree, high school diploma, UK A2 levels, international Baccalaureate or equivalent.
=== Bac + 3 - SIST ===
Discover Our Programmes
BAC+3 Business Management -
The goal of the Bac + 3 Business Management program is to equip students with the necessary abilities and knowledge to excel as effective managers in today’s dynamic business environment.
BAC+3  Business Management -
The goal of the Bac +3 Business and Management program is to equip students with the necessary abilities and knowledge to excel as effective managers in today’s dynamic business environment.
Human Resources management
The goal of the Bac + 3 Business and Management program is to equip students with the necessary abilities and knowledge to excel as effective managers in today’s dynamic business environment.
BAC+3  Computer Security
The goal of the Computer Security (Cyber Security) degree is to equip students with the knowledge and practical skills needed to protect networks, systems, and data from cyber attacks and unauthorized access.
BAC+3 Sports Management
The goal of the Sports Management program is to equip students with the essential skills and knowledge to succeed as capable leaders and managers within the fast-evolving sports and recreation industry.
BAC+3 Software Engineering
The curriculum of our Software Engineering program encompasses contemporary software engineering theory and practice, including the methods, tools, and technologies used in this field.
The goal of the BA (Hons) Business and Management program is to equip students with the necessary abilities and knowledge to excel as effective managers in today’s dynamic business environment.
Are you uncertain about which studies to pursue after your high school? Seek counselling from our academic team.
Our Academic Operations Manager will be happy to meet you and your parents for counselling and providing guidance to help you select the best major.
Click here to book an appointment.
See Admissions Requirement
CHOOSE WHAT IS BEST FOR
YOUR FUTURE
Here's what our students say
Containers Terminal​ Commercial Manager at Marsa Maroc
BA (Hons) Business Management Pathway​ International Business Management
Karim Alaoui Soulimani
BA (Hons) Business Management
​"It was with much apprehension, and excitement that I started in SIST and felt welcomed almost immediately.​ The lecturers made sure every class was interactive and fruitful​, focusing on helping students grow both in regard to academic knowledge and the more "soft" skills we would need in our professional life.​ Being a student at SIST also means learning to become a better version of yourself, accompanied by people that you love and respect.​"
=== Contact - SIST ===
CONTACT SIST BRITISH EDUCATION IN MOROCCO
Admissions Office - SIST Casablanca
87 Bd Nador, Quartier Polo, Casablanca
admissions@sist.ac.ma
Admissions Office - SIST Rabat
11 Avenue Allal Ben Abdellah, Rabat
Admissions Office - SIST Tangier
21 Rue Nador, Quartier Boubana, Tanger
=== Online Registration - SIST ===
Online pre-registration form
=== BA-Business and Management - SIST ===
Business Management with pathways
BA Business & Management – UK
BAC+3 Business Management
The goal of the BA (Hons) Business and Management program is to equip students with the necessary abilities and knowledge to excel as effective managers in today’s dynamic business environment. The department is committed to offering students an education that is both responsive to and influenced by the evolving nature of the field. We actively strive to combine theoretical concepts with practical applications, The degree offers the following specialist pathways of study:
BA (Hons) Business & Management (Entrepreneurship)
BA (Hons) Business & Management (Finance)
BA (Hons) Business & Management (Human Resource Management)
BA (Hons) Business & Management (International Trade)
BA (Hons) Business & Management (Marketing)
The following core subjects :
Business Information Systems
Introduction to Finance & Accounting
Introduction to Marketing
Law and the World of Business
Managing People at Work
Developing academic practice
Contemporary Operations Management
Ethical and Sustainable Business Practices
Business Research and Reporting
Skills Development and Application – either: Work Experience or Volunteering Project
Creativity and Innovation Management (Entrepreneurship)
Marketing Communications for Managers (Marketing)
Money & Investment (Finance)
People Management and Engagement (Human Resource Management)
Intercultural Awareness for Business (International Trade)
Dissertation/ Capstone Project
Investment Management
Capital Markets & Derivatives
Applied Entrepreneurship and Business Development
Entrepreneurship, Strategy and Culture
Contemporary Employee Relations
International People Management
International & Global Marketing
International Business and Cultural Diversity
Strategic Brand Management
Contemporary Business Communications
Online Placement test B2 level, IELTS score 6.0, or equivalent or a successful completion of a recognised foundation year.
Apply before 19  September.
=== BSc (Hons) Computer Security - SIST ===
BSc (Hons) Computer Security  – UK
Bac+3 Computer Security
The goal of the Computer Security (Cyber Security) degree is to equip students with the knowledge and practical skills needed to protect networks, systems, and data from cyber attacks and unauthorized access. It aims to prepare graduates to understand threats and vulnerabilities, conduct penetration testing and vulnerability analysis, and develop secure systems, enabling them to effectively defend organizations across various industries against evolving cyber security challenges.
The degree programme is comprised of a number of compulsory modules, with a range of options in the final year to develop your specific interests and expertise.
Students also have the option to complete a year-long placement in industry between Years 2 and 3.
All modules are 20 credits, unless specified.
Architectures & Operating Systems
Principles of Programming
Information, Risk and Law
Web Design and Databases
Secure Systems and Products
Cyber Security Architecture and Operations
Networks and Security
Cyber Security Management
Cyber Security and Cryptography
Emerging Technologies in Cyber Security
=== BSc (Hons) Sports Management - SIST ===
BAC+3
Sports Management
BSc (Hons) Sports Managementt – UK
The goal of the Sports Management program is to equip students with the necessary knowledge and skills to excel as effective managers in the evolving global sports industry. The department is committed to providing an education that combines theoretical understanding with practical application, preparing students for diverse roles within sport management, governance, and event delivery
Research and Scholarship
Professional Development
Global Sports Industry
Introduction to Sport Marketing
Managing Sport and Physical Activity
Research Design and Practice
Business of Sport Management
Enterprise in Sport and Health
Applied Sport Marketing Communications
Strategic Sport Event Management
=== BSc-Software engineering - SIST ===
BSc Software Engineering – UK
BAC+3 Management Information Systems
The curriculum of our Software Engineering program encompasses contemporary software engineering theory and practice, including the methods, tools, and technologies used in this field. This program will enhance your understanding and proficiency in creating, developing, and delivering software for current environments and platforms, and cultivate an appreciation for software carpentry and ‘codemanship’, which is the process of generating practical and efficient software products.
The first year of the program is dedicated to fundamental computing concepts, which are also covered in our BSc (Hons) Computer Science course. The following years will concentrate on designing and developing software for specific applications, while exploring architectural paradigms such as parallel and distributed computing.
You will have the opportunity to expand your studies by selecting elective courses such as web technology, networks, digital and cyber security, or computer graphics, which will prepare you for a diverse career in applied software engineering. Upon graduation, you will receive a named award in:
BSc (Hons) Software Engineering (Web Technology)
BSc (Hons) Software Engineering (Augmented & Virtual Reality)
BSc (Hons) Software Engineering (Network Security)
BSc (Hons) Software Engineering (Data Security)
Computational Thinking
Developing Quality Software & Systems I
Languages ( French/Spanish)
Object-Oriented System Design
Systems Analysis & Design
Mobile & Web Technologies
Developing Quality Software & Systems II
Research and Professional Skills
Effective Communication Skills
Multimedia & Interaction
Data & Knowledge Management
Networks & Communications
Law & Digital Security
Real-Time Computer Graphics
Software Engineering Dissertation Project OR Development Project (BCS)
Professional & Ethical Issues in IT
Parallel & Distributed Systems
Computational Intelligence
Analytics & Business Intelligence
Creating Virtual Worlds Using the GPU
Advanced Web Programming
: Optional modules are subject to availability and demand; as such, not all optional modules may run in one Academic Year.
Learning will be facilitated through a variety of methods, which may include lectures, seminars, lab, workshops, online activities and group work. Students are expected to engage in both class and online activities and discussions. This programme also requires students to participate in additional guided reading and self-directed study to reinforce the learning gained from timetabled sessions. Formative assessment will be used to prepare students for summative assessment and give students an early indication of their progress towards the course intended learning outcomes.